Update dshot.md - fix up the error in labels vs outputs (#2424)
PX4/PX4-user_guide: en/peripherals/dshot.md

This topic shows how to connect and configure DShot ESCs.

<span id="wiring"></span>
## Wiring/Connections

DShot ESC are wired the same way as [PWM ESCs](pwm_escs_and_servo.md).
The only difference is that they can only be connected to the FMU, and usually only to some subset of pins.

:::note
You may want to check the actuator configuration screen to see what pins are available for DShot on your controller before wiring up!
:::

> Pixhawk controllers with both an FMU and an IO board usually label them as `AUX` (FMU) and `MAIN` (IO), and these match the `PWM AUX` and `PWM MAIN` output tabs on the actuator configuration screen.

Author: ```suggestion
Pixhawk controllers with both an FMU and an IO board usually label them as `AUX` (FMU) and `MAIN` (IO), respectively.
These match the `PWM AUX` and `PWM MAIN` output tabs on the actuator configuration screen.
```

> For these kinds of boards you will connect the DShot ESC to the AUX port.

Author: ```suggestion
For these controllers connect the DShot ESC to the `AUX` port.
```

> Controllers that don't have an IO board usually label the (single) output port as MAIN, and this is where you will connect your DShot ESC.

Author: ```suggestion
Controllers that don't have an IO board usually label the (single) output port as `MAIN`, and this is where you will connect your DShot ESC.
```
